# team09 phase2.txt

The index.html file is the gateway to the application. Use the register form to create a new user (only landlord or tenant). Log in using the credentials registered with or using the sample ones supplied below.

Admin User:
Username: root
Password: csc309
Logging in as administrator allows you to view all active active users and properties. Clicking on the edit icon allows you to edit the username, email and full name of the user and clicking save will save this data. In the same way clicking on the edit icon on the properties table would allow you to edit the property table, number of tenants, address and availability.

Tenant User:
Username: 2
Password: 2
Logging is a tenant allows you to view your profile information and edit it. A list of active notices is also displayed. 

The claims page on the left hand navigation shows all active claims you have made. You can submit a new claim through the form. 

Clicking on the claim title navigates to details on the claim. The user can view any correspondence with the landlord and view details of when to expect a fix if it has been accepted.

Landlord User:
Username: 1
Password: 1
Logging in as a landlord allows you to view your profile information and edit it. A list of properties you own is also displayed. You can add new properties by clicking the add new property button, which navigate to a form. Also, on the home page is a property details button. On the property page the user can add tenants by username to a property which will change the status to not available if the max tenants have been reached. The landlord can also issue notices to users. All active notices and users are displayed and can be removed by clicking x. 

The claims page on the left hand navigation shows all active claims from all properties. Clicking on the claim title navigates to details on the claim. The landlord can accept or reject the claim and view any correspondence with the tenant. Also clicking accept allows to notify the tenant when they will come in for inspection/fix, etc.

For this project, we made use of Bootstrap for styling and some components. We also used FontAwesome (fontawesome.com) under their free license for our logo and some icons.

List of features implemented:
1) Login authentication: user will be redirected to login if username or password is incorrect
2) Opening a new window with our app will redirect to logged in user - we are using sessions
3) Login form also performs checks to see if passwords match/user exists
4) Tenant can add claims and both users will see it with status active until landlord selects accept/reject
5) Landlord/Tenant can change their basic information on main page
6) Landlord can add new properties, add tenants and notices to property

Overview of routes added:

1) Login page: authenticate and redirect user to main dashboard
2) Login page: new user form check if user already exists, form data is valid and save or report success/error message back to user
3) Claim routes
